# Team Meeting Minutes - Nov. 18th, 2022

Things we need to focus on this upcoming week:

- Complete the features that Gema expects to be done for the peer testing on Dec. 2nd:
    - User accounts (admin approval, page viewability based on role access)
    - Tracker (calculate and graph one metric)
    - Network (create and interact with postings)
- Have enough of the features completed in time to film the prototype video (**DUE: Nov. 25th**)

Task Assignment:

|Page|Assignee|Features|Notes|
|----|--------|--------|-----|
|Admin|Harman|Account Approval <br/> Role Access Settings|
|Tracker|Maysey & Jordan|Data Entry </br> Graph Generating <br/> Export Results (PDF, CSV)|System should be able to deal with empty values and invalid input (i.e. text instead of number) <br/> Suggestion: System auto-calculates how much went to landfill based on what the user enters for the other options.
|Network|Harman & Aziz|Create/Edit/Delete Postings <br/> Interact w/ Postings <br/> Search/Filter Postings|

*Please communicate with your partner to distribute the work*

*Be prepared to show Barb the pages on Thursday and make notes of any changes. You are responsible for showing Barb your pages. We can try to accommodate those changes immediately if time permits but the first priority is having the functionality done for peer testing.*

<hr>

**Important:**

After speaking with Gema after class on Friday, she said that we do not need to use ReactJS due to how late into the semester we are already. Switching to ReactJS would not be reasonable because it will take time to do the switch and we are all unfamiliar with ReactJS so that will be another learning curve in addition to learning Django already. Gema fears that if we do switch to ReactJS, then we might not have a product to present in time in April.
