# Team Meeting Minutes - Dec. 2nd, 2022

## Recap on what happened this past week:

1. Nearly all the tasks that we had planned to have done were completed! Good work everyone, especially Harman for helping all the members out with their tasks despite having a heavy workload as well.
2. After yesterday's meeting, it seems Barb is still adamant about switching to ReactJS. We may need to get Gema involved in order to resolve this.
    - Harman has spoken to Anshul and it seems all the groups are not in favour of the switch as well. We might need to use that fact to our advantage.
3. More changes were requested from Barb - most were minor changes, as well as some were additional, small features to implement 

## Peer Testing Session:

1. Peer testing sessions for Harman and Maysey went well. Both were able to get a lot of good feedback and suggestions for where to improve and what additional features to add next. 
2. Jordan's system unfortunately was unable to run during the session so he had to resort to static screenshots. 
3. Unsure about the progress of Aziz's peer testing session as he was supposed to do them by Friday but he also got very sick. 
> Aziz, please update us when you have a chance.

Maysey has started a list of feedback comments in the Discord server. Please add your participant's comments to that list so everyone can see it. 

## This coming week:

Because this is the last week before final exams, there are no new features that need to be implemented as of now. Continue working to refine what you have done to match the feedback from the peer testing session and Barb's requirements. 

The peer testing report is due on **Wednesday, Dec. 7th**. Let's try to get everything done by Tuesday latest so that we can all focus on studying for final exams. If someone would like to set up the peer testing report document, please feel free to do so and share it with everyone. Otherwise, Maysey will start working on the report on Sunday. 

There is one final meeting with Barb next Thursday. This meeting is important because she wants to make sure we have access to the tools we need to work in the VM (i.e. install stuff). We will also discuss with Barb about what she expects from us for next semester. 