# Team Meeting Minutes - Oct. 7th, 2022

**Attendees:**

- Abdulaziz Almutlaq
- Maysey Lu
- Jordan Onwuvuche
- Harman Sahota

---

1. Recap what happened at yesterday's client meeting

    - There is some confusion about what is expected from us for this project. At the moment, it still sounds like all three groups are working on different pages and at the end combining them to create the complete website. We will need to clarify this again with her at the next meeting.
    - After speaking with Gema, that is not what she is expecting us to do for this project. All the teams are supposed to create their own version of the website (aka duplicates with varying aesthetics).

<br>

2. Divide tasks for the week: <BR> **THESE ARE FOR THE REQUIREMENTS PRESENTATION NOT THE REPORT**

|Member|Tasks|Due Date|
|------|-----|--------|
|Aziz|Testing Strategy <br/> Requirements <br/> Voice recording of your section|Sunday, Oct.9th <br/> Sunday, Oct. 9th <br/> Wednesday, Oct.12th|
|Maysey|Overview of Project <br/> Requirements <br/> Voice recording of your section|Sunday, Oct.9th <br/> Sunday, Oct. 9th <br/> Wednesday, Oct.12th|
|Jordan|User Groups <br/> Requirements <br/> Voice recording of your section|Sunday, Oct.9th <br/> Sunday, Oct. 9th <br/> Wednesday, Oct.12th|
|Harman|Tech Stack <br/> DFDs <br/> Requirements <br/> Voice recording of your section|Sunday, Oct.9th <br/> Sunday, Oct. 9th <br/> Wednesday, Oct.12th|

**NOTE: THESE ARE HARD DEADLINES - NO SOFT DEADLINES THIS WEEK DUE TO TIGHT SCHEDULE**
<br>

For all members to complete by the next meeting (Wednesday, Oct. 12th 12:30PM - 1:30PM) with Barb to set up VMs:
|Tasks|Due Date|
|-----|--------|
|Install Putty and generate SSH key pairs|Tuesday, Oct. 11th|
|Post public key to Github|Tuesday, Oct. 11th|
|Install CISCO VPN (UBC)|Tuesday, Oct. 11th|
|Create mockup designs for the dashboards|Tuesday, Oct. 11th|

3. Other notes:

- The information in the requirements report is not set in stone
- If there are things in the report that we are sure of yet (i.e. features, functional requirements), we can write about what we assume/expect for those areas
- Requirements presentation **slide submission** is due on Tuesday, Oct. 11th - all members must have their rough drafts done by midnight on Sunday, Oct. 10th so that Maysey can review/edit on Monday. If other members need to make revisions, Maysey will let them know ASAP (hopefully mid-Monday) so that members can make revisions on Monday/Tuesday
- Requirements presentation **video recording** is due on Friday, Oct. 14th - all members are expected to record their section of the presentation and send it to the editor by midnight on Wednesday, Oct. 13th so that the editor has time to edit it on Thursday. This voice recording deadline can be delayed if the editor allows it.
- Requirements report is due on Friday, Oct. 21st - we will spend the week after presentations to refine this document. 
